also doing what they fell into
thin mesh
at the time I think that the crowd is weak
beauty today I'm here in the game called
minecraft to take your curiosity away from
many players who wonder will be
who will get horse in version 1.5 point 2
reminding me that I'm in a minecraft is
pirate and I updated here in the new
version 1.5 point 2 and mayor the best
I 'm going to go into the world for you.
So people, I'm in style and I
I was in a village and I got some
premium features explore and I went
try to look for the horse and when I went
try to look for the horse I did not find
Nothing and I go on the internet and before
release your version when you never speak
horse and others said that he would not have
With only the hand I have the hand in the version
1.6.0 and I'm already starting to
believe that you will only get this version
1.6.0 and why I found a brake
but if you find in that version then
I must be wrong but I found
none
And this video was kind of fast, it's just for
take the curiosity out of some players
It costs you nothing to sign up for
My channel and give a jewel in the video
and for those who have not seen my first video
can enter my channel and see is only
that's right
and I told you